License for SonicMQ Client Jars
=======================================

1. Java Platform Interface. In the event that Licensee creates any Java-related
Application Programming Interface ("API") and distributes such API to others for
applet or application development, Licensee must promptly publish broadly, an
accurate specification for such API for free use by all developers of Java-
based software. Licensee may not modify the Java Platform Interface ("JPI",
identified as classes contained within the "java", "javax", or "sun" package or
any subpackages of the "java", "javax", or "sun" packages or similar as
specified by Sun Microsystems Inc. in any class file naming convention), by
creating additional classes within the JPI or otherwise causing the addition to
or modification of the classes in the JPI.

2. Disclaimer of Warranty. THE THIRD-PARTY COMPONENTS ARE LICENSED "AS IS" 
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PERFORMANCE, 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE 
ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE RESULTS AND PERFORMANCE OF THE THIRD-PARTY COMPONENTS IS 
ASSUMED BY LICENSEE. SHOULD THE THIRD-PARTY COMPONENTS PROVE DEFECTIVE, LICENSEE 
ASSUMES THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

3. Limitation of Liability. SSC AND ITS LICENSORS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE
SUPPLIERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES SUFFERED BY LICENSEE OR ANY THIRD
PARTY AS A RESULT OF USING OR DISTRIBUTING THE THIRD-PARTY COMPONENTS. IN NO
EVENT SHALL SSC, ITS LICENSORS, OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY LOST REVENUE, PROFIT OR DATA, OR FOR INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF
THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
THIRD-PARTY COMPONENTS, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, EVEN IF SSC, ITS LICENSORS
AND/OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY.

4. Restrictions. The THIRD-PARTY COMPONENTS are confidential copyrighted
information. Unless enforcement is prohibited by applicable law, Licensee shall
not modify, decompile, disassemble, decrypt, extract, or otherwise reverse
engineer the THIRD-PARTY COMPONENTS. The THIRD-PARTY COMPONENTS may not be
leased, assigned, sublicensed, or otherwise conveyed in whole or in part. The
THIRD-PARTY COMPONENTS are not designed, intended or licensed for use in on-line
control of aircraft, air traffic, aircraft navigation or aircraft
communications; or in the design, construction, operation or maintenance of any
nuclear facility. Licensee warrants that it will not use or redistribute the
THIRD-PARTY COMPONENTS for such purposes.

5. Export Regulations. The THIRD-PARTY COMPONENTS, including technical data, are
subject to U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration
Act and its associated regulations, and may be subject to export or import
regulations in other countries. Licensee agrees to comply strictly with all
regulations and acknowledges that it has the responsibility to obtain licenses
to export, re-export, or import the THIRD-PARTY COMPONENTS. The THIRD-PARTY
COMPONENTS may not be downloaded, or otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into, 
or to a national or resident of, Cuba, Iraq, Iran, North Korea, Libya, Sudan, 
Syria, or any country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone 
on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nations or the 
U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders.

6. Restricted Rights. Use, duplication or disclosure by the United States
government is subject to the restrictions as set forth in the Rights in
Technical Data and Computer Software Clauses in DFARS 252.227-7013(c)(1)(ii) and
FAR 52.227-19(c)(2) as applicable.
