README file for ORBacus based IIOP MTP for JADE, Version $Name$


INTRODUCTION
============

This file contains a FIPA 2000 compliant IIOP MTP for JADE, based on
the CORBA ORB named ORBacus, available at http://www.ooc.com (free for
non-commercial use).


LICENSE
=======
See file COPYING


SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
===================

This MTP requires JADE 2.1, and was tested with ORBacus for Java
4.0.3, but it should work also with later versions of both.


INSTALLATION
============

This MTP is contained into a separate JAR file, named iiopOB.jar; in
order to be used, the iiopOB.jar file must be added to the CLASSPATH
environment variable. Moreover, since it is not possible to use both
ORBacus and the standard JDK ORB together in the same JVM (there are
class name incompatibilities), the iiop.jar file *must not* be
included in the CLASSPATH.

Installing from the binary distribution of JADE
-----------------------------------------------

In the binary distribution, JADE is contained into three JAR files:

  - jade.jar (Basic JADE runtime system)
  - jadeTools.jar (JADE graphical tools)
  - iiop.jar (Basic IIOP MTP, using Sun JDK ORB)

If you want to use the ORBacus based MTP, you have to include in your
CLASSPATH the following files:

  - jade.jar (Basic JADE runtime system)
  - iiopOB.jar (ORBacus based IIOP MTP)
  - OB.jar (Basic ORBacus runtime system, available from http://www.ooc.com)

Moreover, you *must not* include iiop.jar in your CLASSPATH. You can
include jadeTools.jar or not, depending on whether you need the tools
or not.

Installing from the source distribution of JADE
-----------------------------------------------

If you compile JADE yourself with the 'make all' or 'makejade'
command, you obtain all the classes in the 'classes' directory of the
JADE source tree. Then, you have two choices:

  1) Use the 'make lib' or 'makelib' command to build the JAR files
     and proceed as in the previous section.
  2) Remove the classes implementing the basic IIOP MTP (they are in
     the 'classes/jade/mtp/iiop' directory). Then add to your
     CLASSPATH the following items:
       - jade/classes (directory with the compiled classes)
       - iiopOB.jar (ORBacus based IIOP MTP)
       - OB.jar (Basic ORBacus runtime system, available from http://www.ooc.com)


USING THE NEW MTP
=================

There are two ways to activate an IIOP endpoint that uses an
ORBacus-based IIOP MTP:

1) From the command line when you start a JADE container.

2) From the GUI of the RMA as specified later in this README.

In both cases the IIOP address the platform must listen to incoming FIPA
messages can be specified. This has the big advantage that the address
of the platform can be selected by the user and, eventually, might be
published on your business card. In other words, there is no more any
need to publish the IOR of the agent platform. If no transport address
is specified, an IOR address is generated with the port and the object
key chosen by the ORB.

Configuring MTPs from the command line
--------------------------------------

In this case the following parameter must be specified on the command line:
  -mtp orbacus.MessageTransportProtocol(corbaloc:iiop:<hostname>:<port>/<name>)

When a container starts, it prints on the standard output all the
activated MTP addresses, separated by a carriage return. Moreover, it
writes the same addresses in a file, named: MTPs-<Container Name>.txt.

Using the -mtp command line option, a transport endpoint lives as long
as its container is up; when a container is shut down, all its MTPs
are deactivated and the AMS information is updated accordingly. The
JADE RMA console enables a more flexible management of the MTPs,
allowing to activate and deactivate transport protocols during normal
platform operations.

Configuring MTPs from the graphical management console 
------------------------------------------------------

Select a container from the GUI, click the right button of the mouse
and a popup menu appears. Choose the Install a new MTP option and a
dialog will be shown. Here the following information can be set: the
container to install the new MTP on (if different from the selected
one), the fully qualified name of the class implementing the
jade.mtp.MTP interface, and (if it is supported by the chosen
protocol) the transport address that will be used to contact the new
MTP.

In order to install a new IIOP endpoint by using the default JDK 1.2
ORB, one should write:
  jade.mtp.iiop.MessageTransportProtocol as the class name and nothing as the address.

In order to install a new IIOP endpoint using the ORBacus based
implementation, one should write:
  orbacus.MessageTransportProtocol as the class name and corbaloc:iiop:sharon.cselt.it:1234/jade as the transport address
(if the endpoint had to be deployed at host sharon.cselt.it on the TCP port 1234 with an object ID jade)

Choosing Uninstall an MTP shows a dialog where the user can select
from a list one of the currently installed MTPs and remove it from the
platform.
